Fix: #42 #44. Clarification on returning status codes. (#51)
ietf-wg-httpapi/ratelimit-headers: draft-ietf-httpapi-ratelimit-headers.md

  : The rate-limit fields may be returned in both

>     Successful and non Successful responses.

Reviewer: Is there a reason why "Successful" is capitalized?  Also, I would have expected the opposite to be written "non-successful".

Author: Clarified adding a reference to SEMANTICS.

```suggestion
    successful (see Section 15.3 of {{SEMANTICS}}) and non-successful responses.
```

Author: @darrelmiller clarified, thanks!

    This specification does not cover whether non Successful
    responses count on quota usage,

>     nor it mandates any correlation between the RateLimit values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    nor does it mandate any correlation between the RateLimit values
```

The client exhausted its service-limit for the next 50 seconds.
The `time-window` is communicated out-of-band or inferred by the field values.

Since the field values are not necessarily correlated with
the response status code,
the example below shows that the server decided to serve the

> request even if `RateLimit-Remaining` is 0.

Reviewer 2: Note that the remaining field makes reference to the remaining units _after_ the effects on rate limiting for the current request, _if any_, took place. That is, to better illustrate this example, we'd want to add a previous request which already advertises that 0 units are remaining for this time period, yet the next request is still serviced successfully.

What do you think?
